Add ajax with hooks example (#2803)
reactjs/reactjs.org: content/docs/faq-ajax.md

  }
}
```

Has the following equivalent with [Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html):

```js
function MyComponent() {
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);
  const [isLoaded, setIsLoaded] = useState(false);
  const [items, setItems] = useState([]);

> 

Reviewer: Perhaps we should include a comment here to remind readers the empty deps array `[]` means this `useEffect` will run once similar to `componentDidMount()`?

Author: Done

  }
}
```

> Has the following equivalent with [Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is the equivalent with [Hooks](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html): 
```

```js
function MyComponent() {
  const [error, setError] = useState(null);
  const [isLoaded, setIsLoaded] = useState(false);

>   const [items, setItems] = useState([]);

Reviewer 2: This would be a good use case for a reducer (loading/error/hasItems are exclusive states). Thoughts on showing that here?

Reviewer: I thought that as well at first. But going from a Class example using state, to a functional example using useReducer seems like a big jump. While useReducer is a better choice here in a real app, imo sticking with useState is better for this particular example.

Reviewer 2: Maybe... they don’t need to be, though, so much as represent the recommended pattern for each

@sophiebits @gaearon thoughts?

Reviewer 2: We'll go with this for now
